[CTOR-507] Update Geist p8000 sensor SNMP page (#3277)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-comet-p8000-snmp.md

id: hardware-sensors-comet-p8000-snmp
title: Geist p8000 sensor SNMP
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Geist p8000 sensor SNMP** brings a host template:

* **HW-Sensor-Comet-P8000-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Sensor-Comet-P8000-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Sensor-Comet-P8000-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                           | Service Description            |
|:--------------|:-------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|

> | Sensors       | HW-Sensors-Comet-P8000-Sensors-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors       | HW-Sensors-Comet-P8000-Sensors-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors of the device |
```
